and melt your cold cold Tony Bennett's
cold cold heart was on everybody's hit
parade Elizabeth Taylor was getting
married boys were ducktales the police
action in the Far East was Korea and an
arene Texas like other small towns is
approaching the end of an era I heard
about the ball game last night
121 214 must be partner record what you
think he'd do if he found us she's
probably but Mama's a sin isn't it
unless you're married you know I
wouldn't do that
don't be so me enough to be women
you boys can get on out of here I don't
want to have no more to do with you I've
been around that trashy behavior all my
life I'm getting tired of putting up
with it
oh quit prison I don't think it did it
right anyway honey what that's a lie
I'll stay we're all night one these
nights - she done promised you won't
either yes I will why shouldn't I
I'm not sorry for you you know that
Billy - just like you left me I bet you
left him plenty of night whenever JC
whistled somebody long bite be careful
I'll take care of the mercury for you
I'll see the year or two if I don't get
shot
[Music]
you wouldn't believe how this country's
changed I reckon the reason why I always
drag you out here probably I'm just too
sentimental in the next feller when it
comes to old times
how old times an arene Texas 1951
nothing much has changed
[Music]
you